OAuth scopes (#3806)
bluesky-social/atproto: .changeset/thick-zebras-roll.md

---
"@atproto/oauth-provider": patch
---

> The scopes allowed in the client metadata dowument is no longer constraint by the `scopes_supported` in the server metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The scopes allowed in the client metadata document is no longer constrained by the `scopes_supported` in the server metadata.
```
